feat: query missing nodes with (MISSING) (#3887)
tree-sitter/tree-sitter: docs/section-2-using-parsers.md

(call (_) @call.inner)
```

#### Special Nodes

When the parser encounters text it does not recognize, it represents this node
as `(ERROR)` in the syntax tree. These error nodes can be queried just like
normal nodes:

```scheme

> (ERROR) @the-error

Reviewer: Consistency
```suggestion
(ERROR) @error-node
```

```

> Similarly, if a parser is almost able to parse a document but it detects a
> missing node, it will insert that missing node into the tree to preserve the
> rest of the document. These missing nodes appear as regular nodes in the tree
> (but with zero width), and can be queried using the `(MISSING)` alias:

Reviewer: Adjust the copy

```suggestion
Similarly, if a parser is able to recover from erroneous text by inserting a missing token and then reducing, it will insert that missing node in the final tree so long as that tree has the lowest error cost. These missing nodes appear as seemingly normal nodes in the tree, but they are zero tokens wide, and are a property of the actual terminal node that was inserted, instead of being its own kind of node. These special missing nodes can be queried using `(MISSING)`:
```

```scheme
(MISSING) @missing-node
```

> This is useful when trying to detect all syntax errors, since missing nodes will
> not be covered by `(ERROR)` queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful when attempting to detect all syntax errors in a given parse tree, since these missing node are not captured by `(ERROR)` queries.
```
